lib: deprecate NRF_MODEM_LIB_SYS_INIT and LTE_AUTO_INIT_AND_CONNECT  Kconfig options (#10602)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated:

    * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_IPC_PRIO_OVERRIDE` is now deprecated.

>     * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_SYS_INIT` is now deprecated.

Reviewer: It would be nice to see some reasoning for the change somewhere. Whether it should be in PR description or release notes depends on what the reasoning is.

Author: Thanks, I've updated the commit messages and PR description.

>       The application should initialize the modem library using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init` function instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The application initializes the modem library using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init` function instead.
```

  * Removed:

    * The deprecated function ``nrf_modem_lib_get_init_ret``.
    * The deprecated function ``nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait``.
    * The deprecated Kconfig option ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED``.

* :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

  * Updated:

    * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_AUTO_INIT_AND_CONNECT` is now deprecated.

>       The application should call the :c:func:`lte_lc_init` and :c:func:`lte_lc_connect` functions instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The application calls the :c:func:`lte_lc_init` and :c:func:`lte_lc_connect` functions instead.
```
